   Ordering	    What do I need to order to build a complete preamp?		
	    Do the kits include all the parts?		
	    What else do I need to buy?		
	    Is there a discount for multiple modules?		
	    Are there any discounts available?		
	    Can I mix and match modules within a single CH02 chassis?		
	"    If I order all assembled modules, will I get an assembled preamp?"		
	    How do I order an assembled preamp?		
	    The A12 and B16 come with a choice of output transformers.  What's the 		
	    difference?		
	    Do I need to order an op-amp with each module?		
	    Do I need to order a power supply for each module?		
	    Can I order the PS03 as a kit?		
	"    I only want to order a _____, not a whole kit.  How much is that?"		
	    How much does _____ cost?		
	    How much is shipping to _____ ?		
	    Can I place an order over the phone?		
	    I don't like PayPal.  How else can I pay?		
	    I don't like UPS.  How else do you ship?		
	    UPS international shipping is very expensive.  Is there an alternative?		
	    Import taxes are very expensive.  Can you declare my order as a gift?		
	    How fast do you ship?  I need to use these on a session this weekend!		
			
  General	    Why should I build a preamp instead of buy one?		
	    Is it safe?  Will I burn my studio down?		
	    How much do I need to know about electronics?		
	    Where can I hear one of your preamps?		
	    What's the best module for recording _____ ?		
	    Do I need an adapter for 220V?		
	    I want to mount your modules in a 1U enclosure.  Can you recommend any?		
	    Why don't the kits have meters?		
	    Are your modules compatible with my API lunchbox?		
	    Can I connect my preamp to an unbalanced input (like an FMR RNC)?		
			
  Assembly	    How much skill does it really take to build one of your kits?		
	    How long does it take to assemble a complete kit?		
	    I'm pretty good at soldering cables.  Will I have trouble with your kits?		
	    What soldering iron should I use?		
	    Do I need a special tip for my iron?		
	    What temperature should I solder at?		
	    Should I use lead-free solder?		
	    Are the kits RoHS compliant?		
	    Do I need an oscilloscope?		
	    Don't I need an oscilloscope to get the best performance out of the N72?		
	    What's an op-amp?		
	    What does the op-amp do?		
			
  Support	    What kind of support can I expect?		
	    Is there someone I can call?		
	    My kit doesn't work.  What do I do?		
	    I've tried everything but still no luck.  What next?		
	    How long will it take for you to fix it?		
			
  Ordering	    What do I need to order to build a complete preamp?	     You'll need a chassis and at least one preamp module.	
		"    For example, for a two-channel N72 kit you'd order:"	
		          2x N72KF$658Preamp modules	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          2x CH02-SP-N72$16.25Sub-panel for N72 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$151.50Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$1038.00Total before shipping	
		"    For assembled modules, order ""KA"" versions:"	
		          2x N72KA$958Preamp modules	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          2x CH02-SP-N72$16.25Sub-panel for N72 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$151.50Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$1338.00Total before shipping	
		"    And if you'd like us to do the final assembly, add an installation charge "	
		    for each assembled module.	
		          2x N72KA$958Preamp modules	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          1x CH02-IN$25Installation charge - order one per assembled module	
		          2x CH02-SP-N72$16.25Sub-panel for N72 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$151.50Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$1388.00Total before shipping	
			
	    Do the kits include all parts?	"     Our kits are complete down to the last screw, but you'll need to supply "	
		    tools and solder.  Please see the Bill of Materials for each kit to see 	
		    exactly what is included.  Please see our assembly tips page for suggestions 	
		    on tools and supplies. 	
			
	    What else do I need to buy?	"     If you don't own them already, you'll need a good soldering iron, digital "	
		"    multimeter (DMM), electronics solder, and a few hand tools. Please see the "	
		    kit assembly instructions for a list of required tools and the assembly tips 	
		    page for suggestions on tools and supplies. 	
			
	    Is there a discount for multiple modules?	"     No, but if you order a chassis and at least one module at the same time, "	
		    the shopping cart calculates a substantial package discount.	
		"    For example, a complete kit with a single T15 would be"	
		          1x T15KF$99Preamp module	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          1x CH02-SP-T15$16.25Sub-panel for T15 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$145.25Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$469.00Total before shipping	
			
	    Are there any discounts available?	     Order the combinations below for substantial package discounts.	
		     Complete CH02 Kit Discount 	
		      CH02-CH Chassis	
		"      At least one preamp or compressor module, kit or assembled."	
		      Front sub-panel to match the module.	
		     Complete OneShot Kit Discount 	
		      PC01-CH Chassis	
		"      At least one preamp module, kit or assembled."	
		     Op-Amp Discounts 	
		      Each SC10KA or SC25KA ordered with an A12KF or A12KA.	
		      Each pair of SC99KAs ordered with a J99KF or J99KA.	
		"    For example, a complete CH02 kit with a single A12 and SC25 op-amp would be"	
		          1x A12KF$249Preamp module	
		          1x SC25KA$79Discrete op-amp	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          1x CH02-SP-A12$16.25Sub-panel for A12 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$184.25Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$659.00Total before shipping	
		    A complete OneShot kit with a A12B installed would be	
		          1x A12BKA$299Preamp module	
		"          1x PC01-CH$1491/4U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          1x PC01-IN$20.00Installation charge - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$29Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$439Total before shipping	
		     Please use the shopping cart to calculate the discount for your order. 	
			
	    Can I mix and match modules within a single CH02?	"     Yes, you can load up to eight (8) modules in any combination in a single "	
		    CH02. 	
			
	"    If I order all assembled modules, will I get an assembled preamp?"	"     No, you'll still need to install the modules, power switch, and LED "	
		"    assembly, attach the wiring harness, and button everything up.  Assembling "	
		"    the CH02 does not require soldering or crimping, just some hand tools and a "	
		    bit of patience.  Assembling the OneShot may require soldering and modifying 	
		    module circuitry to take advantage of all features.  Please see the chassis 	
		    assembly instructions for details. 	
			
	    How do I order an assembled preamp?	     Order the assembled version of each module (KA) and add an installation 	
		    charge for each.	
		"    For example, a 3124 killer would be"	
		          4x A12BKA$1196Preamp modules	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          4x CH02-IN$100Installation charge - order one per module	
		          4x CH02-SP-A12$16.25Sub-panel for A12 - order one per module	
		             	
		          Discount$164Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$1696Total before shipping	
		    Add blanks for a cleaner front panel look	
		          4x A12BKA$1196Preamp modules	
		"          1x CH02-CH$4992U chassis kit - includes power supply, wiring, "	
		"          hardware, etc."	
		          4x CH02-IN$100Installation charge - order one per module	
		          4x CH02-SP-A12$16.25Sub-panel for A12 - order one per module	
		          4x CH02-SP-BNK$16.25Blank sub-panels - order one per space	
		             	
		          Discount$164Calculated automatically	
		          Subtotal$1761Total before shipping	
			
	    The A12 and B16 come with a choice of output transformers.  What's the 	     Transformers affect audio signals in complex ways that depend on the 	
	    difference?	    amplitude and frequency of the signal along with the source and load 	
		    connected to the transformer.  The effect is subtle and there's no 	
		"    substitute for hearing it in person, but a brief description might be"	
		"          CMOQ-2S100% steel laminations, lowest cost, highest distortion, most "	
		"          ""API-like"""	
		"          CMOQ-2L50%/50% steel/high nickel laminations, best compromise"	
		"          CMOQ-2H100% high nickel laminations, highest cost, lowest distortion, "	
		"          most ""hi-fi"""	
		"     If you're in doubt about which transformer to get, one option is to order "	
		    assembled modules with different output transformers. Keep the one you 	
		"    prefer and return the rest, or exchange them all for kits. "	
			
			
	    Do I need to order an op-amp with each module?	"     No, only the A12 and J99 need op-amps that must be ordered separately.  "	
		"    Note that the J99 needs two op-amps per module.  Note also that the ""B"" "	
		    versions of the A12 and J99 already include the op-amp circuitry.  Please 	
		    see the product pages for more details. 	
			
	    Can I order the PS03 as a kit?	     No.  Due to the complexity of the circuit and the high voltages present 	
		"    around the regulator, the PS03 is only available as an assembled and tested "	
		    module.	
			
	"    I only want to order a _____, not a whole kit.  How much is that?"	"     Sorry, we don't split kits or sell individual components. "	
			
	    How much does _____ cost?	     Please use the shopping cart for price quotes.  Simply enter the quantity 	
		"    of each item and click ""add"".  The cart doesn't save any information and "	
		"    won't ask you for payment information until you click ""Checkout"". "	
			
	    How much is shipping to _____ ?	"     For US addresses, please use our shopping cart to calculate UPS shipping "	
		"    rates to your ZIP code.  For international addresses, please use the UPS web "	
		    site to calculate shipping costs to your location.  For more international 	
		"    shipping options, consider a forwarding service like Shipito, MyUS, or "	
		    Bongo. 	
			
	    Can I place an order over the phone?	     We do not take phone orders at this time. 	
			
	    I don't like PayPal.  How else can I pay?	"     We have had no problems with PayPal whatever, but we're also happy to "	
		    accept payment via money orders and personal checks.  Money orders should be 	
		    international and denominated in US dollars.  Personal checks should be 	
		    drawn on a US bank and will be held until funds have cleared into our 	
		    account. 	
			
	    I don't like UPS.  How else do you ship?	"     After trying all of the alternatives, we have settled on UPS as the best "	
		    solution for our business despite the slightly higher cost.  We may ship low 	
		    value orders and spare parts via USPS at our discretion.  The only exception 	
		    is for FPO/APO addresses and others not served by UPS.  For more 	
		"    international shipping options, consider a forwarding service like Shipito, "	
		"    MyUS, or Bongo. "	
			
	    UPS international shipping is very expensive.  Is there an alternative?	     The UPS international rates are actually competitive when equivalent levels 	
		"    of service are compared across carriers, but for many more international "	
		"    shipping options consider a forwarding service like Shipito, MyUS, or Bongo. "	
			
	    Import duties and VAT are very expensive.  Can you declare my order as a 	"     Sorry, we have to declare the full purchase price for insurance purposes.  "	
	    gift?	    Also because to do otherwise is illegal. 	
			
			
	    How fast do you ship?  I need to use these on a session this weekend!	"     We generally ship in-stock items within 24 hours of receiving the order, "	
		"    but we can't guarantee it.  If you're in a real hurry, building a kit "	
		    probably isn't the best idea anyway. 	
			
			
  General	    Why build a preamp instead of buy one?	"     The best reason to build a preamp, or any other studio gear, is that you're "	
		    interested in electronics and enjoy building things.  It shouldn't be 	
		"    because you want to save money, though that can be a positive side-effect.  "	
		    The satisfaction of building a piece of gear that is the sonic equal of just 	
		    about anything on the market should be your biggest motivator.	
			
	    Is it safe?  Will I burn my studio down?	     As long as you take basic safety precautions all of our kits are completely 	
		    safe.  Like all other AC line-powered devices the CH02 power supply can 	
		"    present a shock hazard, but unlike some other kits our power supplies come "	
		"    fully assembled and tested.  Also, if you order the chassis and power supply "	
		    at the same time the supply will arrive already installed.  Unless you go 	
		"    poking around in the supply while it's plugged in, you won't encounter any "	
		    hazardous voltages while building our kits. 	
			
	    How much do I need to know about electronics?	"    You should be able to identify various components such as resistors, "	
		"    capacitors, diodes, transistors, etc.  You should have heard of Ohm's Law "	
		"    and have some concept of the relationship between voltage, current, and "	
		    resistance.  You should be be able to use a digital multi-meter (DMM) to 	
		    measure voltage and resistance.  You don't need to understand the behavior 	
		"    of the circuits in detail, and if you follow the assembly instructions with "	
		"    reasonable care you won't need to know how to troubleshoot them, either."	
			
	    Where can I hear one of your preamps?	    In your own studio.  Order assembled versions of the modules you're 	
		"    interested in and audition them in your own space, on your own material.  "	
		"    Keep the modules you prefer and return the rest, or exchange the assembled "	
		    modules for kits.	
			
	    What's the best module for recording _____ ?	"     We are happy to provide measurements and specifications, but we prefer to "	
		    leave the subjective judgements to you.  Order assembled versions of the 	
		"    modules you're interested in and audition them in your own space, on your "	
		"    own material.  Keep the modules you prefer and return the rest, or exchange "	
		    the assembled modules for kits. 	
			
	    Do I need an adapter for 220V?	     It depends.  The CH02 power supply will accept any mains voltage from 85VAC 	
		    to 250VAC.  No jumpering or switch setting is required.  The OneShot ships 	
		"    with a 115VAC ""wall-wart.""  If your mains voltage is different, you'll need "	
		    an adapter or a different source of 24VAC for the OneShot. 	
			
	    I want to mount your modules in a 1U enclosure.  Can you recommend any?	     Yes!  Our new PC01 OneShot chassis holds a single module and includes a DI. 	
		     You can mount up to four on a Raxxess universal shelf. 	
			
	    Why don't the kits have meters?	"     Meters are nice, but really not necessary at the mic preamp.  Every one of "	
		"    our preamp modules has more headroom than professional A/D converters, so "	
		    it's extremely unlikely the preamp will clip before you're in the red.  That 	
		"    being said, look for an add-on meter module in the near future. "	
			
	    Are your modules compatible with my API lunchbox?	     Definitely not.  Our modules are not compatible with 500 series racks 	
		    either mechanically or electrically. 	
			
	    Can I connect my preamp to an unbalanced input (like an FMR RNC)?	     Absolutely.  All of our modules provide fully floating and balanced output 	
		    circuits that can be connected directly to unbalanced inputs.  Cables should 	
		    be wired as follows:	
		          Balanced XLR Unbalanced TRS	
		          Pin 1 (S)hield	
		          Pin 2 (T)ip	
		          Pin 3 (S)hield	
			
	    What's an op-amp?	"     ""Op-amp"" is short for operational amplifier.  The A12 and J99 modules need "	
		    op-amps in order to pass a signal.  IC op-amps are also used as DC servos in 	
		"    the A12, C84, J99, and T15 modules. "	
			
	    What does the op-amp do?	"     In the A12 and J99, the op-amps do the basic job of amplifying the audio "	
		"    signal.  Without the op-amps, they won't pass a signal. "	
			
			
  Assembly	    How much skill does it really take to build one of your kits?	     Our kits are definitely not for beginners and you probably should not 	
		    undertake one as your first foray into electronics.  You should already know 	
		"    how to solder well, be willing to follow instructions, and pay close "	
		"    attention to details.  The most important asset to have, however, is "	
		    patience.  Please see the resources page for some good beginner projects.  	
		"    Once you have a small effects pedal or similar project under you belt, you "	
		    should have no trouble with a preamp.	
			
	    How long does it take to assemble a complete kit?	"    Typical assembly times are as follows, though if you have limited experience "	
		    or can't work in large blocks of time it might easily take two or three 	
		    times as long.	
		          A122.0 hours	
		          C843.0 hours	
		          J992.5 hours	
		          N723.5 hours	
		"     Final assembly, that is, installing the completed modules in the chassis "	
		"    and connecting the wiring harness, will take about 10 minutes for each "	
		    module plus another 30 minutes to an hour to get everything buttoned up and 	
		    the knobs on.  Figure 8 hours or so to construct a complete 2 channel N72 	
		    kit.	
			
	    I'm pretty good at soldering cables.  Will I have trouble with your kits?	"     Building and repairing cables is valuable soldering experience, but it "	
		    doesn't necessarily help when it comes to PCB assembly.  There's no better 	
		"    preparation than actually building a few projects on PCBs, or at least "	
		    practicing soldering components to copper clad perfboard.  Please see the 	
		    resources page for some good beginner projects. 	
			
	    What soldering iron should I use?	"     We recommend the Hakko 936 because it's reasonably priced, heats quickly, "	
		"    is comfortable to use, and replacement tips are easy to find, but other "	
		"    temperature-controlled irons from Metcal, Weller, Pace, Tenma, etc. will "	
		    work just fine. We highly recommend an iron with a grounded tip and 	
		    static-dissipative handle. 	
			
	    Do I need a special tip for my iron?	     The standard tip that comes with most irons tends to be a bit large for a 	
		    lot of PCB work. We find that a small chisel tip (about 1mm) is better 	
		    suited for out kits. Keep the standard tip for soldering connectors. 	
			
	    What temperature should I solder at?	"     We like to work fast at a high temperature, about 750 degrees F. If you "	
		"    need more than a few seconds to make a good joint, run your iron at a lower "	
		    temperature. 	
			
	    Should I use lead-free solder?	"     We recommend 63/37 ""no-clean"" wire solder such as Kester 24-6337-8809.  "	
		    This solder contains lead and is the easiest for beginners to work with.  	
		"    60/40 is also perfectly acceptable, but requires a bit more care so as to "	
		"    not make ""cold"" joints.  60/40 spends more time in an intermediate "	
		"    semi-liquid state compared to 63/37, so you must be sure to keep the joints "	
		"    immobile until the solder solidifies completely.  We also recommend .025"" or "	
		    smaller diameter solder because it is much easier to control the amount 	
		    applied to the joint.  The most common error we see is joints with too much 	
		    solder.  We do not recommend lead-free solders unless you have considerable 	
		    experience with electronics assembly. 	
			
	    Are the kits RoHS compliant?	"     With a few exceptions all the components in our kits are lead-free, but "	
		    we're not yet certified as RoHS compliant. 	
			
	    Do I need an oscilloscope?	"     An oscilloscope is useful for setting the fine bias adjustment on the N72, "	
		"    but it is not required.  However, a decent oscilloscope and signal generator "	
		    should be part of every studio's toolkit.  If you decide to invest in a 	
		"    scope, look for a dual-trace model with at least 20MHz bandwidth and the "	
		"    ability to operate in ""X/Y"" mode.  Look for a signal generator that provides "	
		    sine and square waves to at least 100KHz. 	
			
	    Don't I need an oscilloscope to get the best performance out of the N72?	     Tweaking the bias allows the circuit to deliver maximum output before 	=C356&C357
		"    clipping, but the improvement in performance is very small and not audible "	
		    in actual use.  Realize that the input circuits of virtually all A/D 	
		    converters and most tape machines will clip well below the N72's maximum 	
		"    output level, even when biased with just a voltmeter.  If you're determined "	
		"    to tweak the bias but don't want to invest in an oscilloscope, you can use "	
		"    your DAW to visualize the waveform instead.  However, you'll have to pad the "	
		    output of the N72 sufficiently (20dB should be sufficient) to avoid clipping 	
		    the input of your A/D converters. 	
			
			
  Support	    What kind of support can I expect?	    We offer free support via our message board and e-mail. Most common 	
		"    questions have been asked and answered on the message board, so it should be "	
		    the first place to check when you have questions.	
			
	    Is there someone I can call?	"    We welcome calls, but don't be surprised if there's no one available to talk "	
		"    to you right away.  Support via e-mail is always available however, and we "	
		    prefer to answer your questions that way.  We'll get back to you within 24 	
		"    hours, usually much quicker."	
			
	    My kit doesn't work.  What do I do?	     Keep calm.  Don't start replacing parts at random.  Carefully examine your 	
		    work and make absolutely sure that every part is where it's supposed to be.  	
		    Make absolutely sure that polarized parts are installed the right way round. 	
		     Carefully re-flow all of the solder joints on the board.  If that doesn't 	
		"    do it, describe your symptoms on our message board as clearly and completely "	
		    as possible.  Send the same description to support@seventhcircleaudio.com 	
		    and we'll give you specific troubleshooting advice. 	
			
	    I've tried everything but still no luck.  What next?	"     If you've carefully checked your work, posted your problems to the message "	
		"    board, e-mailed us for suggestions, and still can't get your assembled kit "	
		"    to work, please send it back for repair.  Check the support page for "	
		    details. 	
			
	    How long will it take for you to fix it?	"We'll get to it ASAP, but don't be surprised if it takes as long as 6 weeks "	
		    or more for us to get it back to you. 	
